[rock music]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[suspense music]
[indistinct words on the talkie]
[solemn piano music]
- Eleven. here 13.
- [man] Thirteen here 11.
Troadec neutralized.
I repeat Troadec neutralized.
We go with him
on the BOA.
Thirteen completed.
[rock music]
We have Kevin Troadec intercepted.
Jamal Ouadi
neutralized during the operation.
The trail of the attack is confirmed.
They should be sent to France
from one day to another.
-Strasbourg?
- Yes. the Christmas market.
We continue the interrogation.
Kevin Troadec started talking.
Congratulations to all. great operation.
Bruckner you will congratulate group 13.
It will be done. General.
where are we
on the side of Zaïd Osman?
We have something new
about his daughter and grandson?
Not yet.
But all our networks are activated.
the Kurds are on alert.
I had a point with the DGSE.
They pressure us.
If we don't speak quickly.
they want to extradite him
and take control.
But Zaid Osman
won't say anything without his family.
I told them.
They do not understand.
They see that the information
they hope to get.
We are here. not them.
Everything pushes you to think
than Zaid Osman
is quite ready to collaborate.
But I have other people
to convince.
Zaïd must not become the center
of a war between services.
Find his family. and quickly.
- Good. General.
[suspense music]
My colonel.
[beep and vibrate]
Yes hello ?
[male] Hello. Melissa Valorny?
- It's me.
- I'm the director of CESO.
Hilary...
You left a message.
I can help you ?
Yes. thanks for reminding me.
I am looking for one of your doctors.
a missing surgeon
or been abducted in Iraq.
A recent disappearance?
Not necessarily. no.
Wait a minute. No no...
The only disappearance
still ongoing dates from seven years ago.
Flavio Bellini.
an Italian pulmonologist.
- And where did he work?
- Baghdad.
I can send you
staff lists.
Otherwise you have had nothing notable
or suspicious with a surgeon
who would have worked towards Mosul?
- Suspicious ?
- Yes. an anomaly or something?
Listen. no...
The only thing I have is a surgeon
who quit his job
some months
before the end of his mission.
- How long ago was that?
- Two years ago.
- And where did he work?
- In Tal Kaysoum. near Mosul.
Do you have his name?
Yes. it's Sebastian Marciano.
an Argentinian.
Very good thank you.
[suspense music]
[oriental music]
[in Arabic]
Turn around.
It's good.
[in English] Hello.
French Embassy.
Can I see Dr. Morales?
[in Arabic] Open.
Thank you.
[in English] Take care of yourself
and drink lots of water.
A patient at tent three.
- Dr. Morales?
- [in English] Yes.
French Embassy.
I can talk to you ?
Of course.
I am looking for an Argentinian surgeon
posted here two years ago.
Sebastian Marciano.
I remember him.
Do you know why he left
before the end of his mission?
He had to give up.
It's hard to work here.
- Where could he be?
- At his place. I suppose.
[in English] Doctor. the patient
of tent two needs a sting.
- I'm taking care of it ?
- Go for it.
No trace of him in Argentina.
What kind of person was he?
Quiet. very secret.
But I didn't know him well.
Who could help me find it?
- A Belgian was working with him.
- Surgeon too?
We always have
two or three surgeons on duty.
- [indistinct words on the talkie]
- I'm coming Nadia.
I have to go.
Her name ?
Paul something...
Paul how?
Come back later.
- [in Arabic] She wants to enter by force.
- [the woman speaks Arabic]
[in English] What's going on?
[in English] She refuses to be searched.
[in English] So I can see your baby.
you have to pass the check.
[doctor. in Arabic] You have to pass
control. okay?
[in Arabic] I don't want
stand in line.
[in English]
She doesn't want to queue.
OK. You won't be queuing.
- I'll take you straight...
- [in Arabic] Don't touch me!
- You have to...
[in English] We must pass the control!
[in Arabic] Don't touch me!
Allahu Akbar.
[tension music]
[screams]
[screams and cries]
Everything is going well.
It's big days. but that's okay.
- You kiss daddy for me.
- [knock]
I'm going back to a meeting.
I'll call you back. I like you.
Good morning.
- Glad to see you Hilaire.
- I can't wait to get out.
You are already going to rest.
I got the CESO people
for Doctor Morales.
They would like your testimony.
you are the only person to have spoken to him.
- No problem. it will be done.
- [the door opens]
- Oh! How's Melissa?
- It's good and you ?
What did you bring me here?
I brought you back
an Iraqi black forest!
- [laughs]
- Wow! Charge !
- I'll put it here.
- Thank you so much.
It gave something
the Belgian surgeon?
Hold on.
now is not the time to talk about it.
Yes. I'm in great shape.
Did it do anything?
Paul-Henry Danois. the Belgian surgeon
who works with Marciano.
he works in Erbil hospital.
- And Marciano?
- Always nothing.
I'm waiting for news
from the Argentine consulate.
A doctor taken hostage
There's little chance of finding him. right?
What tells us
that he must have been a hostage?
If Qalb Aswad had not removed it?
If Marciano had dropped SACO
to go with them of his own free will?
- [groan of effort]
- [ping pong ball bounce]
- [Paco] I didn't tell you the last one.
- [Rimbaud] No.
She wants us to put in a swimming pool.
You know you have nothing
less than 20.000?
Thanks. I know. yeah.
From where I will put 20.000 balls
in a pool.
I redid the bathroom
I got it for 7000.
Come on ! Bim!
- It's luck. it's good.
- No luck.
- Victor Hugo said luck...
- Go ahead. it's good.
Spit. I'm sick of losers. come on.
I'll take you next.
- No. it's without me guys.
- [Paco] Come on...
Go for revenge! Revenge!
Twenty bullets!
- [Rimbaud] Hey!
- [Paco] Twenty Bullets
Me. I'm going to put 20.000 balls
in a pool ?
[Martin] Yeah?
Sorry. I can disturb you
two seconds ?
It's just that I can't stop
to think back to the tunnel and...
Here I show you.
Do you remember I was there.
50 m côté sud-est.
And I said to myself that if I had been
much higher on the southwest side.
I would have had a visual on the entrance
and I would have...
I could have anticipated
something. No ?
We can talk about it later
I'm a bit busy here.
Well yeah.
[melancholic piano music]
[beeps]
It's what ?
It happened six minutes ago
on Zaïd's cell phone.
[beep]
[Salwa] Dad. Fares took me.
We left Mosul.
We drove west.
But I don't know where I am.
I'm scared. I think...
[not in background]
But I don't know where I am.
- I'm scared. I think...
- [not in background]
I'm scared. I think...
She was interrupted.
She must have been surprised
on the phone.
- Fares?
- It's possible.
- It stopped limiting then.
- Yes.
He must have destroyed the laptop.
he must feel hunted down.
Let's hope he doesn't think
it is by us.
He must have wondered
of our presence in the sewers.
but from there to conclude that we have Zaïd...
But he knows that Zaïd
going to want his daughter back
and that he can afford it.
In any case. he will move.
- Do we know where she made the call from?
- We don't have anything specific.
We have a boundary in the Sinjar region.
but then nothing.
That's an area
of research of 100 km2.
If they cross the border.
we will never find them.
Bashar al-Assad
will not give us a gift in Syria.
so we go out and find her.
- Yes. sir.
- Okay. can you send me the coordinates?
- OK.
[clicking]
[chirps]
- Good morning ?
- Mr Dane?
- Yes.
Melissa Valorny.
of the French Embassy.
Can I talk to you ?
Yes.
- I can enter ?
- Yes excuse me.
- THANKS.
- Excuse me.
No problem.
- It's over there.
- THANKS.
What is this about ?
We do research
on humanitarians
who have worked in the region.
- I have a few questions.
- All right.
- Please sit down.
- THANKS.
- Do you want something to drink?
- No. that's nice.
I'm listening to you.
I have questions about
from a former colleague at SACO.
- All right.
-Sebastian Marciano.
There is a problem ?
I am looking for him.
Everything leads us to believe that he has disappeared.
[he's laughing]
Pardon ?
You know what it has become
after his mission?
Wait. is this a joke?
No not at all.
We try to find it. all
information could be useful to us.
Sebastian?
- [in English] Yes?
- [in English] Can you come for a minute?
What is happening ?
That lady from the embassy
looking for you.
She says you disappeared.
Sebastian Marciano?
It's me.
- You are a doctor ?
- Surgeon.
Can I see your papers?
Just to check.
it would be great.
Yes of course.
THANKS.
There is a problem ?
No.
Sorry.
I got bad information.
Maybe a confusion.
Since when are you here ?
Two years ago.
Yes. in October 2014.
We both work
at Erbil Hospital.
There is a problem ?
Is it because we live together?
No. it's not for that.
Why did you leave CESO?
Two years ago I met
the director of the Erbil hospital.
He needed a surgeon.
He hired me
and I shortened my assignment with SACO.
Have you left the country.
for family or other reasons?
No. I had the chance
to meet Paul-Henry.
With the war.
there was a shortage of doctors.
So we decided to stay in Iraq.
Have you returned to Mosul?
No Alas.
You left without explanation
and you never came back.
For what ?
After 2014. as you know.
Mosul was no longer safe.
especially for people like us.
OK.
THANKS.
- [in French] I'll take you home.
- THANKS.
[in English] Good day.
- [suspense music]
- [vibrate]
[in English] Yes. Nesrine?
[in English] Adèle. we found
and saved a young woman.
Prisoner of Daesh.
She would have seen French people
among the fighters.
Her name is Anissa.
- Where is she ?
- We hid it.
In Al Shihabiyah.
a small village south of Sinjar.
Would she be willing to talk to us?
I dunno.
But you have to try.
OK thanks.
[in English] What are you doing here?
[in English] I wanted to greet you.
have a drink with you.
I don't want to see you.
You fucked me good.
- Kiss my ass.
- I fucked you?
- You do not know ?
- No tell me.
your little plan
to enter Mosul.
My job was to stop you.
Shouldn't have reported it.
We don't work like that here.
I had to report it
and I was fired from the police.
I'm sorry.
My ass. you don't give a fuck.
I really am.
But it allowed us to move forward.
Good for you.
What do you want from me?
I'm looking for a fixer.
There are many
who would love to work for you.
Because if Daesh wins.
you won't let them go.
One. Daesh will not win.
Two. it's you I want.
We have an operation near Sinjar.
You're still in the ICTS.
and one of the best?
Come with us.
Why should I?
I know I can count on you.
Like the other day.
And I apologize.
OK ?
[tension music]
Alright. when are we leaving?
Tomorrow. 5 a.m.
Seriously man. 5 am?
[tension music continues]
[in French]
So. did you find something?
Marciano lived well in Erbil
the last two years with Danes.
I checked the list of doctors
employed for the past two years
and they all went home.
you checked
those who are still on mission?
Well. why not?
We focused on a former CESO.
kidnapped by Qalb Aswad.
Or came of his own free will.
Exactly.
And if it's just a guy
who comes from time to time?
Neither prisoner nor collaborator.
The guy makes his life at SACO.
and when needed.
he comes to cut up a corpse for them.
It is still very uncertain.
Why wouldn't it be a surgeon
who is working at the moment?
The guy saves lives in the morning
and butcher bodies in the evening?
Why not ?
Frankly. it holds up.
From there?
[suspense music]
Jasper Handle. Austrian.
Send his address.
- We have no proof.
- We'll find the proof.
- [in Arabic] Hi.
- [in Arabic] How are you?
Everything's good ?
GOOD.
- Who are they?
- French soldiers.
Where are you going ?
Al Shihabiyah.
How are you doing over there?
It hasn't calmed down.
Last night.
it fired mortars.
[in English] The situation is bad.
it's very dangerous.
- [in Arabic] Have a good trip.
- [in Arabic] Thank you!
[tension music]
[Adèle. in Arabic] Hello.
[Salar. in Arabic] How are you.
my beautiful?
- You live here ?
- [in Arabic] Yes.
Can you show me Rawiya's house?
- Can you take me there?
- Yes.
Come on.
You didn't get her on the phone
since when ?
- I don't know. three. four days.
- [he's laughing]
What ?
48 heures.
seems long to me.
It's because you're a duck.
- [in Arabic] How are you?
- [in Arabic] Well. thank you.
- What do you have ?
- Dates.
Dates !
- How much ?
- Eight thousand dinars.
No. it's too much.
Three thousand.
Seven thousand ?
Four thousand.
[in French] It's good Paco it's fine.
- [in French] I negotiate.
- [in Arabic] Seven thousand?
[in Arabic] Four thousand.
- Seven thousand.
- Six thousand. OK ?
Six thousand ?
Here is 10.000.
And my dates?
See you next time.
[in French] Do you want some?
- You want some ?
- No. I'm going for a walk.
[knock on a door]
[in Arabic] Hello. madam.
[in Arabic] Hello.
- Ho are you doing ?
- How are you.
Commander Salar. Iraqi Army.
And here is Adele and Doctor Rimbaud.
They are French.
Welcome.
We would like to talk to the girl
who was placed with you. Anissa.
Yes. Anissa.
Can we see her?
Come in.
- THANKS.
- Welcome.
I hope you don't keep
a bad image of Iraq.
[he translates into English]
Not at all.
It is a beautiful country.
[he translates into Arabic]
- [in Arabic] Thank you.
[in English] We hope
that everything will normalize.
[he translates into Arabic]
[in Arabic] God willing.
Half of the villagers
they ran away.
But me. where am I going?
In Syria? In Türkiye ?
I was born in this house.
I will not leave her.
You shouldn't leave.
[in English] She says
that half the village has fled.
She wonders where to go.
In Syria. in Türkiye?
She was born here
and doesn't want to leave.
[in English] I understand.
- [in Arabic] I will look for Anissa.
- [in Arabic] Thank you.
Imane. come with me.
Ciao. Iman.
- [in Arabic] Welcome.
- [in Arabic] Thank you.
How far the window there?
- To the left ?
- Yeah.
One hundred thirty-four?
Ah... 135.5.
The blue door over there?
Two hundred and thirty.
Two hundred thirty-three.
Damage.
And last. the parabola over there?
- Do you see her ?
- Yeah.
SO ?
Two hundred seventy-five.
277.8.
Damage.
- Can I ask you something ?
- Yeah.
You're not an asshole
you don't seem particularly misogynistic.
What's your problem
with me ?
When I talk to you.
you always look drunk.
I have to do what
to communicate.
that I send you a text an email.
a smoke signal?
- Did I do something wrong?
- No nothing.
[he sighs]
When a man gets caught
by Daesh it's horrible but...
when it's a woman.
It's worse.
These motherfuckers mostly scared
to get knocked out by a woman.
Exit their paradise
and the 12.000 virgins.
- You want some ?
- No. THANKS.
[in Arabic] Hi. Anissa.
I am Adele.
[in English] And this is Rimbaud.
[in English] I am a doctor.
Do you need help?
[Salar translated into Arabic]
- [in Arabic] I'm fine.
- [he translates into English]
[in English] It's not easy for you.
but I have to ask you questions.
[he translates into Arabic]
[in English] As you were a prisoner.
I have to check things.
[he translates into Arabic]
[in English] How are you?
How old are you ?
[he translates into Arabic]
- [in Arabic] Twenty-seven years old.
- [Salar translated into English]
[in English]
Are you from Kunriqi village?
- [he translates into Arabic]
- [in Arabic] Yes.
- [in English] Is your family still there?
- [he translates into Arabic]
[in Arabic] I don't know.
- [Salar translated into English]
- Maybe Daesh is still there.
[he translates into English]
How long
have you been a prisoner?
[he translates into Arabic]
- A month.
- [he translates into English]
The House.
do you know where she is?
[he translates into Arabic]
Behind the hill. in the valley.
[he translates into English]
- It is far from here ?
- [he translates into Arabic]
Maybe a three hour walk.
[he translates into English]
near the road.
there is a red house.
[he translates into English]
You have seen the French.
A woman. too?
- [he translates into Arabic]
- [in Arabic] Yes.
[in English] How do you know
that they were French?
[he translates into Arabic]
I heard them talking
Arabic and French.
[he translates into English]
[Rimbaud. in English]
You understand French ?
[he translates into Arabic]
I learned a little about it in school.
[he translates into English]
You say they were
Daesh fighters?
[he translates into Arabic]
Yes. the fighters
come and go.
[he translates into English]
There were other women?
[he translates into Arabic]
Yes. Five. sometimes six.
- [he translates into Arabic]
- The Frenchwoman. is she with Daesh?
[he translates into Arabic]
I do not think so.
[he translates into English] She has arrived
with them but she is not one of them.
That's to say ?
- [he translates into Arabic]
- She was a prisoner.
[he translates into English]
[tension music]
We are looking for it.
[he translates into Arabic]
And this one?
[in Arabic] It's not her.
[in Arabic] Yes.
- [in Arabic] It's her.
- Sure? Look well.
- [he translates into Arabic]
- Yes. I'm sure.
- [he translates into English]
- I think she's dead.
[he translates into English]
The French ? Dead?
[he translates into Arabic]
- How ?
- [he translates into Arabic]
I heard an argument.
- Lots of noise. gunshots.
- [he translates into English]
Afterwards. I never saw her again.
[he translates into English]
- Did you see his body?
- [he translates into Arabic]
Yes.
- In the yard. while escaping.
- [he translates into English]
Are you sure it was her?
Did you see his face?
[he translates into Arabic]
No. it was dark.
[in English] She's not sure.
it was too dark.
[in English] In your opinion.
is there anyone left in the house?
[he translates into Arabic]
- I dunno.
- [he translates into English]
The fighters
never stay long.
[he translates into English]
[in Arabic] Thank you. Anissa.
[in French] What do you think?
[mobile ringtone]
- Yeah. Melissa?
- I have news on Jasper Handle.
- He won't be home.
- Recount.
He has a flight to Vienna
in two hours.
What airport is he going to leave from?
- Erbil.
- [acceleration]
[suspense music]
- [in English] Hello.
- [in English] Are you going to Vienna?
- [in English] Yes.
[in English] Baggage?
- [in English] A cabin bag.
- OK.
There you go. sir.
Seat 15B. door two.
- This way.
- Thank you.
[in English] Passport.
[in English] Mr. Handle!
- Jasper Handle?
- [in English] Yes. that's me.
Please step aside.
- There is a problem ?
- Follow me.
- I have to take this flight.
- Please.
[in English] What am I doing here?
[in English] Dr. Handle?
How do you feel ?
How are you ?
Did they treat you well?
What is it ?
I don't want to miss my flight.
I just have a few questions
to ask yourself.
Answer
and you can take your flight.
For what ? What is it ?
I know what happened.
- What ?
- You have been kidnapped.
I'm looking for your captors.
You are wrong.
They forced you to operate for them
while on CESO leave.
No. what are you talking about?
Your DNA was everywhere.
It was terrible.
I didn't want to do it.
They forced me.
They threatened to kill me
if I refused.
- It was when ?
- A month ago.
How long
have you been a prisoner?
The whole night.
How many bodies
did you operate?
I don't know. two. three.
You didn't tell the authorities?
I was afraid.
They had my name. my address.
If I denounced them.
someone would find me.
So you did that.
We need to find these people.
give me a clue.
anything.
- I know nothing.
- Try again.
I can't do anything for you.
It was just once.
In the car. I was hooded.
I only saw the operating room.
I'm just a doctor.
I can go ?
Why didn't they kill you?
I dunno. I was lucky.
- It happened once.
- A month ago ?
Yes.
Jasper. the body we found.
we autopsied him.
The death dates back a week.
Explain that to me.
They found another doctor?
- By leaving you alive?
- I don't know.
You did it of your own free will.
And not just once.
You helped them
to butcher bodies.
You work for them.
- They pay you.
- Prove it.
Can I let the Iraqis do it?
No Please.
So speak.
and you can take your flight.
You know him ?
- No.
- Look carefully.
I never saw it.
Where is Fares?
Where is Qalb Aswad?
I don't know. I swear.
So it's the Iraqi prison.
I really do not know
where they are.
But I know someone who knows.
Who ?
They often spoke of a type.
Tarek.
Razzouki.
An arms dealer
which provides Qalb Aswad.
Surely he knows where they are.
Where can I find it?
He has a warehouse near Khunaifis.
in the Al-Anbar region.
It looks like
to shoe boxes.
I told you everything. I swear.
I can leave ?
- I told you everything!
- You stay here. you bastard.
[tension music]
What is this mess ?
She doesn't seem to be moving.
[Martin] Is it Salwa?
I can't see from here.
- Eleven here 45.
- [man] 45 here 11. I'm listening.
We found a woman on the ground.
Identity unknown.
Let's ask permission
to inspect the premises.
[man] Stand-by.
OK.
Forty-five here 11.
Authorization granted.
[Martin] Spit are you going ahead?
[bleating]
[tension music]
[creak]
[buzz]
[Paco. quietly] Clear.
[tension music continues]
- [Martin] OK. clear.
- [in Arabic] Help me.
[Martin] Rimbaud. clear?
- [Rimbaud] Clear.
- Is she conscious?
- Yeah.
- Is it Salwa?
Negative.
[she mumbles in Arabic]
[in Arabic] Help me.
Help.
[she sobs]
She's trapped everyone
covered.
[Martin] OK. trap.
Eleven for 45.
Forty-five here 11. Speak.
Here 45. I am in 89...
- [in English] Don't move.
- ... 09-45-36-27-92.
Presence of a conscious woman.
with an improvised trapping system.
Ask what to do.
Do you need an EOD?
Here 45. wait.
[Martin] Spit?
Can you handle it?
I should be able to. yes.
Here 45. negative.
Delay too long for EOD.
We are able
to neutralize the device.
Take all the precautions.
report back at the end.
[in Arabic] My sister.
[Spit] Adele you shouldn't stay here.
[in Arabic] Do not be afraid.
- [in Arabic] Help me.
- [in English] Don't move.
[in Arabic] Do not be afraid.
[in Arabic] Don't move.
[the woman sobs]
[Adele] Hush...
[in English] Don't move.
[Adèle speaks in Arabic]
[clicking]
Adele.
OK. slowly. There.
[in English] Take it easy.
- [Rimbaud. in French] Gently.
- [Adèle. in Arabic] Slowly.
[clicking]
[Martin] Give it to me.
[in English] It's going to be fine.
- Eleven for 45.
- [in English] Drink.
Device neutralized.
I repeat device neutralized.
We go back.
We embark the woman.
- Eleven well received.
- [in English] It's over. OK ?
Adele. we don't have time.
we embark it.
- [in English] Come with me.
- [in French] Let's go.
Sab for Martin.
We leave the house.
- We're coming to your position.
- [shot]
Contact !
[Rimbaud] Contact! Contact !
[shots]
Sab for Martin.
You have a visual
on the source of the shots?
Nothing visually.
Change your position then.
[tension music]
It comes from there. like that.
Like that. Yeah.
Sab for Martin.
I believe it's coming
between 3008 and 4002.
- 3008-4002 correct?
- Okay. well taken.
[tension music continues]
[in English] Salar for Martin.
Can you locate the shots?
[in English] No. I can't.
I see nothing from here.
[shot]
[Martin] Spit!
Hurry. hurry!
Sab for Martin. Sab!
Tell me when you're up.
[he gasps]
Martin for Sab. in position.
OK. well taken.
We're going to try to get him fired.
Well received.
Good Paco. Rimbaud. Spit?
I will run
to the nearest house
to shoot him. Understood ?
At three you open.
and I run. Ready ?
Come on go show yourself asshole.
Show your fucking ganache.
One two three !
[shots]
Whore !
Sab for Martin.
[out of breath]
Did you see where the shots were coming from?
- No. I have nothing.
- Whore.
[in English] Salar for Martin.
you can go ?
[in English] Yes. I can.
[tension music]
OK. go!
Whore !
I have nothing in view.
Rimbaud. ready?
[Martin] Go!
[shot]
Sab for Martin. Sab?
You got it ?
Did you get it?
I don't see him anymore.
[slow rock music]
Come on. come in. come in!
I have something to show you. come on.
Go quickly. quickly!
[Cheers]
Have you seen the band of wags?
- Hi guys.
- [Rimbaud] Hi!
It's fun.
[colonel] We too.
We are happy to see you.
- How's it going ?
- I'm fine Colonel. thank you.
I'm still a bit stunned.
but I was told
that the worst was behind.
The doctors gave
news from you every day.
NOW.
it's up to you to give it to us.
- And only good ones we hope.
- Call you whenever you want.
THANKS. I'm sorry
not to be with you.
[Paco] Stop it's fine it's fine.
it's alright don't worry.
I'll be back to see you soon. I promise.
- [Rimbaud] Try to rest.
- To do what ?
I have just been delivered
my new competition leg
ultra light carbon.
[laughs]
I'm waiting for you all jogging
tomorrow at 6 a.m.
- [Paco] There you go.
- I'll take you to fractions in 4-15.
We're not going to slow down
for you.
I'll put a misery on you.
as per usual.
- [laughs]
- [Paco] Are you going to say anything there?
[Martin] We'll see about that!
I must leave you.
It was a pleasure.
- [Paco] Us too!
- [Martin] Kisses bro!
- [Sab] Rest well.
- Courage for everything.
- Ciao.
- [all] Ciao!
[regular beeps]
[festive oriental music]
[hubbub]
[Sab] But stop!
That's not how we do it.
- [Rimbaud] It's Iraqi style.
- Anything.
- Well then. you don't dance?
- No.
It is good this bar.
it feels good to let go.
Shall I buy you a drink?
No. it's fine.
- Come on !
- No. that's fine. thank you.
It was good to have Olivier. right?
He looks fit
Yeah...
Holy day. huh?
As usual.
You're lucky.
it could have been a civilian.
Enough to ?
When you fired.
It could have been a civilian.
It's good we did the job.
it ended well. didn't it?
This time. yeah.
If you had been in my place.
you would have done the same.
What the fuck is her problem?
He's a good guy.
he's just under pressure.
We are all under pressure.
He shouldn't be here.
- His wife is going to give birth.
- So what ?
Nice shot!
Go ahead and count the ammo.
With that. that's twenty-six.
[vibrate and ringtone]
These men are the soldiers
of the Iraqi army.
the ninth brigade
of the armored division.
[panting]
[Salwa] Dad...
Farès told me that you collaborate
with the French.
You want me to stop. right?
How could you do this to me?
Tell me it's not true.
Not you.
Bring her back to me.
[Adèle] But what do you think Zaïd?
Your daughter has just chosen her side.
For us.
she is like Fares.
A target to shoot down.
She has nothing to do with him.
His first message
call for help. it was a trap.
She lured us there.
Farès was waiting for us.
so don't play me the verse
of the grieving daddy's girl.
She may have been manipulated.
You're even more capable
to see what has become of her:
a jihadist.
Like his father.
Strasbourg. Christmas market.
Two S files will target him.
If you bring her back to me.
I tell you where they are.
Jamal Ouadi and Kevin Troadec
were arrested yesterday morning.
jamal is dead
during the arrest.
Yes Zaid.
you're not the only informant.
The days pass.
your info is outdated.
You think you're sitting on a gold mine
but you become completely out of the game.
- No no.
- The target now is Fares.
If your daughter is part
collateral damage. too bad.
[crash]
[Adèle] Call the emergency services!
[low music]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today